There are few elements as destructive or as purifying as fire. Agni, God of Fire, is the embodiment of both of these qualities, with a head for each.<br><br>Though the source of his origin warrants debate - for there are many tales of his parentage ranging from two simple sticks rubbed together, to the cosmic energy that made all things at the beginning of time - Agni is a pivotal and important God with many duties to the Pantheon. He is the twin brother to Indra, God of the Heavens and Rains and chief among warriors. Conversely, Agni is chief among priests, acting as messenger between mortals and Gods. Every Hindu ritual and prayer is performed in front of a fire of some kind, so Agni carries the words and sacrifices, traveling between the Earth and the Heavens. He is welcome in every home and every hearth and much beloved by the Faithful.<br><br>Through his flames, Agni provides heat and light, but also cleanses impurities. Smoke from his pyres create the air and hold the Heavens aloft. The sun, a source of fire itself, brings life-giving energy to the world, and his lightning streaks the sky during storms.<br><br>For all his kindness and service, Agni has two faces. One is the face of kindness and purity, turned towards the people and Gods. His other face, grim and resolute, guides the God of Fire, to play his role in the cosmic cycle of creation and destruction, to burn and blacken all the atrocities of the world to ash.
Anhur, the lion-headed Egyptian God of war, slays his enemies with spear and guile. Weapons equally as sharp!<br><br>As a son of Ra, Anhur, and his sister Bastet, rode in the golden barge their father sailed across the sky each day. They protected the ship at dawn and dusk from the world serpent, Apep, who lurked at the horizon. Courageous, formidable, and above all, intelligent, Anhur defended the vessel with his spear and wits, outsmarting and distracting the serpent until feral Bastet delivered a killing blow.  With Apep gone, Ra became Pharaoh, Bastet, the Goddess of Cats and Women, and Anhur donned the mantle of the God of War.  This is how he became known as the Slayer of Enemies.<br><br>As time went on, another feline Goddess, Menhet, ran away from the Pantheon, spurning Ra. Anhur vowed to bring her back from the distant lands of Nubia to appease his father, but when he finally caught up with Menhet, he was enraptured and fell in love. He tied a rope to her neck and led her home, where he requested Menhet become his wife, a boon Ra happily granted.<br><br>For Egyptians, warfare is more than bloody battle, it's a means to break the chains of tyranny. Anhur can be found at the head of any charge, crushing corruption and leading the people to freedom. While his spear is deadly, Anhur is cunning and clever, able to outmaneuver opponents in ways they least expect.
Jackal-headed Anubis holds the ultimate judgment over the dead, measuring every heart against the weight of Truth.<br><br>Nephthys, wife of Set - the God of Darkness, desired a child, yet her husband was infertile, so Nephthys disguised herself as Isis, the wife of Set’s brother Osiris, and seduced him. From that union, Anubis was born. Osiris cared for Anubis as his own, but when Osiris was murdered by his evil brother, Set, Anubis embalmed his adopted father and mummified the corpse so he would not rot. This preservation passed down to the Faithful, for if it was good enough for the Gods, it was good enough for man.<br><br>None enter the abyss of the Underworld without first being tested by Anubis. When corpses are preserved, he is the embalmer. When time for judgment comes, he is the final arbiter. In his realm, he keeps legendary weighing scales. On one side, the massive weight of Ma’at – truth and order. On the other side, he places the heart of the deceased. Should the weight of Ma’at prove infinitely heavier than that of the heart, Anubis casts the soul deep into the darkness of the Underworld, where it is forgotten, never to be reborn.
Regal, powerful, the Dragon-God of the Eastern Sea commands storms and tides with the flick of a claw, yet he seethes with rage for past humiliations.<br><br>As one of four Dragon-Gods, Ao Kuang demands tribute from those along the Eastern shores. For their worship, tides remain calm, rivers contained, and rainfall for crops plentiful. It was not always like this, however. Long ago, Ao Kuang grew greedy and expected greater sacrifices. When they were not given, he sent floods, tidal waves, and devastating storms, striking so much fear into the people they dared not speak of this violence to the Jade Emperor. Ao Kuang enjoyed his total control.<br><br>Then came Sun Wukong to his undersea palace seeking a weapon for his famous journey to the West. Despite the offer of other weapons, Sun Wukong took the Ruyi Jingu Bang, an immense pillar that aided in controlling the tides. It was believed none could even lift it, but Sun Wukong spun it with ease. As if this were not humiliating enough, Sun Wukong demanded other gifts of armor, shoes, and helm, all of which Ao-Kuang was forced to supply.<br><br>Next, the demigod boy Nehza, playing in a stream, inadvertently shook Ao Kuang’s palace. Annoyed, the Dragon-God set forth his favorite scout to kill the child, but Nehza defended himself and the scout was slain. Furious, Ao Kuang ordered his third son to destroy Nehza, yet Nehza slew him as well. Completely outraged, Ao Kuang went to Nehza’s father and threatened to take the issue before the Jade Emperor, but Nehza tackled the Dragon-King and forced him to submit.<br><br>Such repeated shame and humiliation have both humbled Ao Kuang and tempered his fury to steely resolve. Long has he awaited his chance to rise again and exert dominance as a great Dragon-God of the Sea.
There are too few words to describe the radiance, the magnificence, the inequitable glory of Aphrodite, Goddess of Beauty. So wondrous is she to behold that one look can inspire tears, desire, jealousy, and love. Yet, beneath her flawless exterior resides a heart burdened with insecurity.<br><br>Inattentive and hideous to look upon, her husband, Hephaestus, unknowingly leaves Aphrodite feeling lonely and worthless. She finds consolation in the arms of other men such as Ares, or validation by competing in any contest of beauty she encounters.<br><br>At a wedding attended by all the Gods, a golden apple appeared, inscribed with the words "to the fairest." Immediately Aphrodite, her mother Hera, and sister Athena quarreled over it. Zeus elected Paris, Prince of Troy, to choose a victor. In exchange for being named the fairest, Aphrodite offered any woman in the world as his wife, so Paris agreed. However, he chose Helen as his wife, and their love began the catastrophic Trojan War.<br><br>Now, a new war brews, but this one between Gods, not men. While the battlefield is no place for the fairest of all, Aphrodite recalls the destruction between the Greeks and Trojans. Perhaps, this time, her beauty can be used to stop a war instead of start one. Perhaps, this time, she will discover the beauty within.
There are none without admiration for Apollo, God of Music. He is brash, cavalier, and dauntless, with the power to bring hope to the hopeless and change the course of battle with a single arrow. Voices of soldiers, mothers, kings and emperors, even Gods rise in glorious melody in honor of him; and he, basking in their adoration, shines victoriously.<br><br>Though Hera, Queen of Gods, challenged his very birth, sending the great serpent Pylos to slay Apollo, his twin sister Artemis, and their mother Leto, not even she could deny him victory. Merely four days old, Apollo, gifted with a legendary bow, slew the Gaia Serpent and defied Hera.<br><br>In his humble youth, Apollo was a cattle herder. The trickster God Hermes stole Apollo’s charges and led them to a nearby cave. From the shell of a tortoise and the body of a cow, he crafted the first Lyre. Apollo finally caught up with Hermes, saw the instrument, and simply had to have it, trading the rest of his cattle to Hermes for it. Years later, Hermes would send his son, Pan, to challenge Apollo in a contest of musical prowess, but Apollo soundly defeated the satyr with dexterous mastery of the Lyre.<br><br>As Apollo grew into his rightful place among the Gods, his victories mounted, and the songs of the Faithful were sung more and more in his name. Now, they raise their voices for Apollo to take the field as Gods clash. Never one to deny his adoring public, Apollo prepares for one last show.
Once, a beautiful and talented weaver of cloth and fabric, a single prideful mistake made a monster of Arachne for all time.<br><br>With loom and thread, there were none more skilled than the mortal Arachne. Viewers traveled leagues just to see her art. So wondrous and majestic were her tapestries, it was said the spinner must have been instructed by the patron Goddess of Weavers herself, Athena. To this comparison, Arachne proudly scoffed, claiming not even the Gods rivaled her talent at weaving.<br><br>When Athena heard this, disguised as a crone, she visited Arachne and encouraged her to show proper respect to the Gods. Arachne dismissed the old woman and issued a challenge that no God, not even Athena, could weave better than she. Furious, Athena revealed herself and accepted the challenge.<br><br>They both set to the loom with fervor. Athena wove a glorious tapestry depicting her battle with Poseidon over the city of Athens. Her detail and imagery were exquisite. Yet Arachne’s weavings depicted Zeus in his many infidelities with mortals. So flawless, so lifelike was her artistry, not even Athena could refute the skill, nor could she contain her anger at such a sleight. Violently, she tore Arachne’s tapestry and pressed a finger to Arachne’s forehead. Twisting in anguish, Arachne fell to the ground as additional legs grew from her body, screaming as she transformed into the first spider.<br><br>It was an act of anger and pity, a lesson and a curse, for spiders are the greatest of weavers, and Arachne, in particular, was to weave for all time, but none could doubt the consequence for Arachne’s pride. Still, within her twisted heart, Arachne never forgave Athena, consumed by a dark hatred that can be sated only by the destruction of the Gods.
Feared by his enemies, reviled by his father, adored by the Goddess of Beauty, and worshipped by warriors, Ares, a tortured and lonely soul, is the bloodthirsty Greek God of War.<br><br>Ares is not loved by the people. He represents everything they fear and despise: war, strife, chaos, and murder. It’s said that the sky darkens when Ares takes the field. That he rides to battle on a chariot drawn by fire-breathing steeds and delights only in the clash of battle and smell of bloodshed.<br><br>Ares is not loved by his father. Zeus has many sons, but only two with his wife Hera. However, the thunder God has long suspected Hera of having an affair that led to the birth of Ares, perhaps as revenge for all of Zeus’ infidelity. For this, Zeus is disgusted by him.<br><br>Ares is not loved by his sister. Athena and Ares are both Gods of War. Where Ares represents violence, force, and slaughter, Athena is the embodiment of intelligence, strategy, and leadership. Ares is quick to act and leave a bloody trail. Athena is thoughtful and careful with lives. Often they have been on the opposite sides, most notably at the Battle of Troy, where Athena viciously wounded him and forced Ares to retreat.<br><br>Ares is the lover of the Goddess of Beauty. Though Aphrodite is married to Ares’ brother, Hephaestus, Ares takes what he wants, and Aphrodite gives in willingly. Their union created offspring almost as terrible as Ares himself: Phobos and Deimos, Fear and Terror.<br><br>Ares is loved only by the Spartans, who revere the God for his masculinity, his merciless warrior spirit, and tenacity against all odds. The Spartans, however, know the unpredictable fury of their patron, and bind his statues in chains. This is, in part, to prevent Ares’ spirit of victory from escaping Sparta, and a vain effort to keep the God of War contained.
Armed with a magical bow, Artemis is the unrivaled Goddess of the Hunt!<br><br>Daughter of Zeus and Leta, Artemis and her twin brother Apollo are products of Zeus’ infidelity to his wife Hera. Insulted, Hera cursed Leta while she was pregnant, forbidding her to give birth on land or sea. Fortunately, she found an island that did not touch the ocean floor, so it was neither land nor sea, and thus bore her children. Artemis was born first, then miraculously aided as midwife in the birthing of her brother.<br><br>Artemis spent her childhood in the hills and forests, training with her bow and hunting beasts. As she grew older and more beautiful, she also grew proud and ruthless when slighted or dishonored, especially against those that claimed to be better hunters than she. Adonis boasted this very thing and Artemis sent a wild boar to skewer him. The twin demigods Otos and Ephialtes, who could not be killed except by each other, threatened to kidnap Artemis and force her to marry one of them, but were tricked when Artemis, appearing as a doe, dashed between them. As they thrust with their spears they impaled each other. Finally, Actaeon, after peeping at Artemis while she bathed, was transformed into a stag and devoured by his own hunting dogs. Such is the wrath of Artemis.<br><br>Her name is invoked by hunters seeking prey and by midwives during childbirth. Sacrifices are made in her name before a new military campaign. Adolescent girls are sent to her shrine to serve for one year. Beautiful, deadly, and chaste, Artemis is a focused woman and a fearsome warrior.
In war, there are two kinds of soldiers: those that fight for blood, and those that fight for honor. The first crave the clash of steel and smell of slaughter, the latter know the wisdom of justice, the kindness of mercy, and that life should never be taken wantonly. These different warriors seek different Gods. Ares, God of War revels in the bloodletting, but his sister, Athena, Goddess of Wisdom, is patron to those who fight with dignity, and only when there is no other alternative.<br><br>Favored daughter of Zeus, wise as ten thousand scholars, just as the scales themselves; Athena is a paragon of incorruptible virtue, and worshipped with righteous fervor. So revered is she that Athens, greatest city in all the world, is named for her, and regal temples adorn the countryside in her honor, each tended by loyal priestesses. To Athena, a life is a precious thing that need not be wasted in frivolous battle. Bloodthirsty Ares, on the other hand, is reviled by their father and chained by his ravenous subjects.<br><br>At the Siege of Troy, Ares disobeyed Zeus and joined with the battle, fighting for the mortal Trojans. Athena rose to stop him, indirectly championing the Greeks, but directly keeping the order of divine law. Their fierce battle clashed in unspeakable proportions, ending only when Ares limped from the battle field, cowed by his sister and rival. With Ares diminished, the tide of the war shifted and the heroes of the Greek Army toppled Troy.<br><br>In times of war, prayers are sent to both Gods. Ares, for bloodstained victory, Athena for honor, valor, and the wisdom to fight with dignity. Make no mistake, these are times of war, and Ares has already answered the call to arms. Athena, ever cautious with lives, goes to battle without eagerness, but solemn necessity, for the Goddess of Wisdom knows honor is for the living. The dead have no need of it.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may die. None adhere more vigorously to this creed than Bacchus, the Roman God of Wine, lewd behavior, and madness.<br><br>After spending much of his formative years with his impressively intoxicated mentor Solinus, whom Bacchus loves like a father, the God of Wine is now a wanderer and teacher. He’s journeyed across all of Asia, through India, and finally back to Rome, spreading the “Mysteries of the Vine,” a ritual involving incredible amounts of wine to lower inhibitions, freeing one from social constraints, oppression of gender, sexual taboos, and the stresses of life. Quite the successful ritual, if ever there was one.<br><br>Much of this ritual seems to have come from Solinus, who is widely known to have vast, secret knowledge and the ability to predict the future, though only while completely drunk. The king Midas, covetous of this knowledge, captured Solinus, endeavoring to extract it by providing the scholar the finest food, drink, and entertainment he could muster. Bacchus finally tracked down his mentor in the court of Midas and discovered him well fed and cared for. Quickly, Midas lied, claiming Solinus had been lost and the king had taken him in. Seeing through the ruse, Bacchus offered the monarch a boon. Midas asked that anything he touched be turned to gold. Without hesitation, Bacchus granted this. He tested his new gift on a twig and stone and found them turned completely to gold. Elated, Midas called a feast, but found his food turned to gold in his hands and his daughter solidified at his touch. Starving and crazed, Midas begged Bacchus to remove the “gift.” Bacchus acquiesced, allowing the greedy king to wash his hands in the Pactolus river. As the golden touch left his hands, the river sands transformed to glittering gold.<br><br>Of course, the product of continuous overindulgence in alcohol and deviant behavior, Bacchus could simply be insane.
A horrendous demon with a bottomless appetite for human flesh, Bakasura is a nightmare come to life.<br><br>After committing countless atrocities, Bakasura has demonstrated no end to his depravity, no limits to his brutality, no sating his desire to slurp human meat, crunch bone, and guzzle hot blood. So many are his vile victories over mankind that they cannot be relayed here, yet it his defeat at the hands of a man that is worth the telling.<br><br>According to the Hindu epic, the Mahabharata, the famous Pandava brothers were traveling in exile with their mother, Kunti, when they came to the village Ekachakra. Disguised as brahmins, they sought alms from the villagers in order to sustain themselves. They soon learned that a demon, Bakasura, was living outside the village, devouring the people as they passed through the woods. The chief went to the demon and begged that the feasting stop. In return, a cart of food would be sent to Bakasura each day. Bakasura consumed not only the provisions, but the person that brought the cart as well.<br><br>After hearing this tale from a weeping woman whose son would bear the cart on the morrow, Kunti declared that her son Bheema, who possessed impossible strength and had slain demons before, would take the cart instead, as repayment to the kindness the villagers had shown their family.<br><br>Once in the forest, Bheema nonchalantly ate the food intended for Bakasura. Furious, Bakasura threatened to eat Bheema, which he just laughed off, goading the demon to attack him. All day they battled until Bheema finally slew the demon, tied him to the cart and dragged the body back to the village, where the people celebrated the victory in bewilderment.<br><br>Hunger, however, is a demon that cannot be defeated and, inevitably, Bakasura’s disgusting rumble will rise again, now more ravenous than ever and ready to feed.
Reveling in the joys of life, Bastet, daughter of Ra, is the sensual embodiment of her feline form. This cat, however,  has the fiercest claws.<br><br>Cats are creatures that demand worship. They are regal, nonchalant, and insatiable. Though, as much as they languish in the sun and rumble with purrs of pleasure, cats are agile and deadly hunters. Mercilessly, they cull the populations of invasive vermin and stinging scorpions, protecting the home from vile invaders. Perhaps, the most troublesome enemy of the cat is the serpent, and there was no greater snake in the world than the horrendous Apep.<br><br>Circling the world along the horizon line, Apep’s scaly girth waited in ambush each morning for Ra to rise and bring light to the world. To fend off this beast, Ra kept the company of his daughter, Bastet. Since time began, as Ra lifted into the Eastern sky, Bastet would spit and howl, claws bared against the treacherous Apep. Countless battles were fought, countless mornings faced uncertainty, until, at last, Bastet tore the foul serpent apart.<br><br>With her greatest enemy gone, Bastet is free to prowl as she pleases. Now, she is the guardian of home and hearth,  idol to women - especially those desiring children and exploring their sensuality - and patron of arts, wine, and any occasion of revelry. Like any cat, though, Bastet can still pounce without warning, shredding her enemies once her claws come out.
Not always born in the crucible of creation, sometimes Gods ascend by tragic happenstance. Such is the tale of Chang’e, Goddess of the Moon.<br><br>Among the immortals that lived in the Heavens, Chang’e was the most elegant dancer, like a dove on windswept currents. She drew the affection of the hero archer, Hou Yi, and the two were soon married. Everything was perfect.<br><br>Yet, beneath the Heavens, all was not well. Ten suns, the ten children of the Jade Emperor, rose to scorch the earth and boil the seas. Brave Hou Yi, bow in hand, shot nine from the sky, sparing only one. Though the world was saved, the Jade Emperor was furious his children were killed. In punishment, Hou Yi and Chang’e were made mortal.<br><br>Chang’e grew melancholy and danced no more. To restore their status in the Heavens, Hou Yi found the Elixir of Immortality, but thieves came to steal it while he was hunting. Chang’e struggled to hide the Elixir, but, in the end, was forced to drink it. Too much for one person, the Elixir gave her immortality, but it also swept her into the sky.<br><br>Since then, Chang’e has lived on the moon, forbidden to see her husband, a Jade Rabbit her only companion. Yet, the Earth is once again in peril, and Chang’e finds herself upon the mortal surface. Perhaps, this is a second chance. If only she can save the world without angering the Jade Emperor, she can at last reunite with her husband.
Existence is measured in age. How many years has a mortal lived? What was the construction date of the Parthenon? When were the cosmos formed? Time begins at birth, at creation. But, inevitably, time for all things comes to an end.<br><br>Except, of course, time itself.<br><br>Bearer of the clock of eternity, rimmed by signs of the Zodiac, the Keeper of Time, Chronos, counts every tick of the second hand, preventing interference with that essential forward momentum.<br><br>If he knows who or when the eternal clock was wound, Chronos does not tell, but upon the first stroke, he came to be. Emptiness was the ocean, then, and his only companion was Ananke, Queen of Fate. Together, their powers divided the vastness into heaven and earth and sea and sky. Thereafter, Chronos became an observer, the watchman of infinity.<br><br>Patient to a fault, Chronos knows no urgency. He does not fear pain, or war, or death, for he is time itself and will outlast all. For this reason, his presence on the field of battle is alarming. This war between Gods must portend a conclusion so dire as to threaten the very existence of time. Perhaps, all the Gods should begin counting the seconds of the eternal clock. There may be few of them remaining.
An arrow from the bow of Cupid, chubby little God of Love, will make anyone give in to passion and desire.<br><br>Cupid, as he was called by the Romans, is the son of Venus and Mars, or Aphrodite and Ares as they were known by the Greeks. He is the God of love and desire, flying about on feathery wings, shooting passion-tipped arrows at all the creatures of the earth. When struck with one of his arrows, man and beast alike fall in love with the next thing they see. Without Cupid’s steady aim, there would be no love in this world, which is precisely what happened when Cupid fell in love himself.<br><br>Psyche was a mortal of astounding beauty, which made Venus venomously jealous. Venus ordered Cupid to sting her with an arrow, then arranged for Psyche to fall in love with a spider. Invisible, Cupid reluctantly went to Psyche as she slept, yet, she woke suddenly and saw right through Cupid’s invisibility. Surprised, Cupid cut himself on his own arrow and fell immediately in love with Psyche.<br><br>Furious, Venus would not let Cupid marry Psyche, so Cupid stopped shooting arrows, people stopped falling in love and stopped worshipping Venus. Panicked, the Goddess of beauty relented and Cupid went back to work. Psyche was whisked to a secret location. Cupid visited her only at night so she could not see who he was. Fearing him to be a terrible monster, Psyche waited for Cupid to fall asleep and lit a lantern. Surprised at what she found, she accidentally scraped one of Cupid’s arrows and fell in love with him.<br><br>Venus was displeased and forbade Psyche to see her son, forcing her to complete a series of impossible challenges that Psyche overcame only with mystical help. Finally, Cupid begged Jupiter (Zeus) to intervene. Casually, he declared Psyche and Cupid could be together. Thus, Cupid fed Psyche the drink of ambrosia that made her immortal and the God of love got to live happily ever after.
Mortals must rely on the wisdom of the Gods, but never forget they are fallible. They can be petty, churlish, and worst of all, wrong. What are the consequences for their mistakes? They should have slain the wolf-beast Fenrir, but they chose instead to bind him. Despite the warnings and prophecies he would tear Odin apart at Ragnorok and devour the earth and sky, they did not end Loki's son. Now, terror roams free. It is unknown how, but Fenrir is Unbound.<br><br>Thrice they tried to bind him, each time convincing Fenrir that the chains were nothing more than a challenge for his strength, a test to see if he could shatter them. The first two God-forged fetters were easily broken beneath the beast’s terrible power, but the third was a ribbon, dwarf made, and Fenrir grew suspicious of the God’s intentions. As a show of faith, he demanded one of them place a hand in his mouth, and if the ribbon proved magical in nature, he would exact punishment. Brave, if foolish, Tyr put his fist in Fenrir’s maw as the ribbon was secured to the wolf’s leg. Fenrir strained and screamed, but could not break free, and in rage, he devoured Tyr’s hand.<br><br>For a time, Fenrir was forgotten, the dire prophecy just a memory. But they were all warned and the Gods did nothing. Fenrir is hungry now, the first hunter, an alpha among sheep, but no flesh will satisfy his need. It is revenge he craves, and now he is Unbound.
Valkyries, the elite and angelic warriors of the Nordic Pantheon, are as beautiful and dangerous as a midnight winter storm. Yet their queen, Freya, so irresistibly desirable, so uncompromising in warfare, make the Valkyries seem nothing more than plain paper dolls. She’s the object of desire for every God, every man, and the envy of every woman. Even the Frost Giants crave her for their own, often devising devious plans to trick or force her into marriage. But Freya is proud and strong, with the cunning to escape her enemies and ruthlessly retaliate. Every rose bears thorns, but this one wields swords.<br><br>Were it up to her, Freya would have little to do with blood and blades. Her name literally means “the lady,” and none of more worthy of the title. She adores bright flowers, pleasant company, and the sweet lilt of a sad love song. She’s sensual and amorous, invoked by worshipers seeking to bear a child or find a lover. Ruler of the realm of Sessrumnir, a place much like Valhalla, where the souls of dead warriors spend eternity, Freya provides comfort and bliss to the fallen.<br><br>Once, Freya was married to the mysterious and elusive God, Od. Immediately following their wedding, Od went on a journey to distant and inhospitable lands. So long was he gone the Gods presumed him dead. Distraught and heartbroken, Freya spilled tears of gold and searched the globe for him. Finally, she discovered him ship-wrecked and twisted into a hideous sea monster. Melancholy but loyal, she stayed and comforted him. Though one night, while she slept, a daring hunter slew the beast Od had become. Moved by Freya’s utter despair, the Gods agreed to allow Od into Sussrumnir, despite the fact he had not died in battle, so he and Freya could remain together forever.
As a man, Guan Yu was the embodiment of loyalty, honor, and strength. As a God, he is a guardian of justice, a hero to the downtrodden, the Saint of War.<br><br>In the ancient times of the East, a great war between Three Kingdoms raged. The warlord Liu Bei, and his friends, Zheng Fei, and the mighty Guan Yu swore an oath of brotherhood in a mystical peach garden, vowing to create a new, righteous world. Together, they fought countless battles against the warlords Cao Cao and Sun Quan, and Guan Yu grew famous for his combat prowess and unwavering honor.<br><br>During the war, Cao Cao captured Guan Yu. At the time, Liu Bei’s fate was uncertain, so he agreed to fight for Cao Cao under specific terms, chiefly that he would abandon Cao Cao if ever he learned the whereabouts of his sworn brother. Despite Cao Cao’s gifts and promises of wealth, when Liu Bei resurfaced, Guan Yu immediately went to his side. Years later, Guan Yu again faced Cao Cao on the battlefield as the warlord fled from his defeat at Red Cliffs. Guan Yu cut off Cao Cao’s retreat and obliterated his forces. Cao Cao, however, he spared and released, as a matter of honor.<br><br>After his death, Guan Yu’s spirit remained at a holy shrine, coming to the aid of nearby villagers in need, battling the cruel and selfish. From all over the East, worshippers came to the shrine and burned incense to honor him. Such popularity led to Faith, and thus Guan Yu was raised as a God, deified a few hundred years later.<br><br>Now, he embodies the virtues he lived by. His statues, wielding a massive guan dao, ward against evil. Red faced to represent loyalty, his likeness is carried by merchants as proof they can be trusted. If their cause is just, he leads armies to victory. Among the Gods of any Pantheon, there are few as deadly and none as righteous a Guan Yu.
Inevitably, death sends everyone to Hades, God of the Underworld. In the end, he always gets his way.<br><br>Eldest son of the Titans Cronus and Rhea, Hades was swallowed by his father as an infant along with five other siblings. Zeus, the youngest brother, escaped this fate and freed them once he’d grown strong enough to battle Cronus. Together, the six siblings defeated the Titans and banished them to the dark realm of Tartarus. Now the reigning Gods, Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades drew lots for dominion. Hades drew the Underworld.<br><br>Of the few that have entered the Underworld and come back, all speak dismally of the place, never wishing to return. Yet Hades, himself, rarely leaves the subterranean realm, constantly seeking ways to grow the numbers of the dead.<br><br>When he desired a wife, Hades captured the radiant Persephone, daughter of the Goddess Demeter. Concealed in the Underworld, none could reach her, so Demeter cursed the land with a great famine. The other Gods pleaded with her to end it lest she destroy mankind, but she would not relent until her daughter was returned. Hades finally let Persephone leave, though not before feeding her pomegranate seeds. Having consumed the fruit, she was bound forever to Hades and required to return to her husband once per year to eat of the seeds again. This, it is said, is a time of mourning and the cause of winter.<br><br>While many fear death and view it as evil, in truth, Hades endeavors only to keep balance. He is stern but fair. As God of the Dead and the Underworld, he views his authority on this matter absolute, forbidding anyone to leave his realm and growing wrathful when disobeyed or when someone tries to cheat death or steal from him.<br><br>For everyone, death is unavoidable and service to Hades inevitable. Even the Gods.
As God of the Yellow River, He-Bo tamed the massive and turbulent waters with humility and sacrifice. Now, the forces of the great river are at his command!<br><br>Throughout history, no river has been the source of more nourishment or more destruction than China’s Yellow River. Its basin valley was the cradle that birthed Chinese civilization, feeding fields with water and millions of tons of collected sediments, which give the river its yellow hue. The river is also treacherous and prone to flooding, destroying shoreline settlements and drowning thousands.<br><br>Long ago, Feng Yi, a mortal man living along the riverside, watched in dismay as a storm stirred the waters and gorged the banks. It would not be long before the mighty river consumed his village. Both humble and wise, Feng Yi tied rocks to his belt before casting himself into the waters. This act of sacrifice did more than appease the angry river, it promoted Feng Yi to Godhood over it. Thus, he became He Bo.<br><br>Much time passed, and He Bo grew proud of his great river, so proud that he declared the Yellow River the biggest body of water anywhere. A passerby asked if He Bo had seen the North Sea, but He Bo dismissed the comment, for heavy rains were falling and the river was roaring and full. As time wore on, thought of the North Sea tickled his mind, so he made the journey. There, the Dragon King of the Northern Sea warmly met him.  Viewing the endless expanse of water, He Bo was humbled and returned to his River wiser.<br><br>For He Bo, there are no greater virtues than wisdom and humility. With the force of the Yellow River at his command, He Bo will remind his enemies what it means to be humble.
Both beautiful and terrible, the Goddess Hel is keeper of the dead, lays judgment on souls, and decides who is reborn. She is both sides of two extremes.<br><br>As the daughter of Loki, the trickster God, Hel’s destiny, much like her brothers Fenrir and Jormungandr, was doomed to darkness from the start. Odin, the All-Father, uncovered prophecies that Hel and her siblings would be the source of great calamity resulting in Ragnarök, the battle that would end all things. In an effort to prevent this, he cast each of the three into different realms; not quite a prison, though far from freedom. For Hel, Odin gave her charge of the realm of the dead, specifically those that died of sickness and old age. For himself, Odin retained Valhalla for those that died in battle.<br><br>At birth, Hel’s face was cast half in shadow, half in light; she was both living and dead, so took immediately and graciously to her new role, gifting Odin with the ravens Huginn and Muninn in appreciation. As the spirits of the kind-hearted, the sick, the elderly were brought to her, she cared for them, gave them comfort, yet those she deemed evil she mercilessly hurled into the frozen depths of Niflheim.<br><br>Yet, despite Odin’s efforts, destiny cannot be averted. Hel’s conflicting struggle between benevolence and malice will force her to one extreme or the other. A time will come when Hel will fulfill her prophecy, though it is yet unknown if she will be a shadow of darkness or a force of light.
Brave Hercules, a demigod son of Jupiter, born with impossible strength and force of will; for whom no task is insurmountable, no heroic deed unachievable. Yet, Like all of Jupiter’s illegitimate children, Hercules once drew the ire of Juno, and though he is now known as a hero, his greatest achievements might never have been done without Juno’s initial tragic involvement.<br><br>She struck Hercules mad, and he slew his own children.<br><br>Once recovered, grief stricken, Hercules sought penance for his crimes. An oracle of Jupiter advised he should pledge his service to the king Eurystheus, and so Hercules reluctantly did so. Jealous of the demigod, the king set him to twelve impossible tasks, expecting him to fail at the first, to slay the Nemean Lion and return with its hide.<br><br>The Nemean Lion captured women and devoured soldiers. Its fur was so thick no weapon could pierce it, and its claws so sharp, no armor could guard against them. Hercules tracked the lion to its mountain caves and drew it out, firing arrows that shattered against the beast’s impenetrable coat. Agilely, he dodged as the lion leapt to maul him. In the end, Hercules aimed a powerful shot straight into the lion’s roaring maw, a place the powerful fur did not protect, and slew it. Then, using the beasts own claws, he skinned the hide, wearing the mantle proudly as his new armor.<br><br>Eurystheus was aghast upon the hero’s return. Immediately the legend of Hercules began to grow. Eleven more labours the confounded king set against him, but time after time, year after year, Hercules performed what could not be done, earning fame, glory, and the peace he so desperately sought.
A grudge, like any wound, left untended will fester.<br><br>Hun Batz and his twin brother Hun Chouen, led a contented life with their grandmother. Artists and musicians, everything they created was beautiful and enchanting, but they lacked their father’s talent for the ball game, Pitz. Summoned to the underworld, their father, Hun Hunapu never returned. Instead his new offspring, half-brothers to Hun Batz and Hun Chauen, appeared. The Hero Twins were everything the original twins were not, strong, athletic, and clever. And they were extremely gifted at playing Pitz.<br><br>A jealous rivalry formed between the two sets of twins. The more they played ball together, the more Hun Batz and his brother were defeated. Eventually, the original twins resorted to foul tricks, aggressive tactics, and out-right cheating. Frustrated with these antics, the Hero Twins kicked the ball into a tree, knowing Hun Batz and his brother considered themselves excellent climbers and would go after it. Yet, the higher they climbed, the taller the tree grew, until they could not get back down. Pleased with their magic thus far, The Hero Twins encouraged Hun Batz and Hun Chouen to use their belts like tails in order to escape the terrible height. However, upon doing so, they were mysteriously and humiliatingly transformed into monkeys.<br><br>Though the Monkey Twins, as they are now called, came to be worshipped as Gods of Art and Music, the animosity they hold for the Hero Twins remains. Time has only sharpened their combined cunning, and they eagerly await a chance to strike back. Like any wound, their grudge has festered, and what was once a brotherly rivalry has grown into a far more deadly game.
When Isis was born, she was a Goddess. When she was married, she became a Queen. But a legendary journey to resurrect her murdered husband would make her a savior.<br><br>From the God of Earth and Goddess of Sky, Isis was born, and she was a Goddess in her own right, loved by wealthy and poor alike, champion to sinners and slaves, artisans and aristocrats. She commanded the force of magic, for she knew the True Names of many things. For in the True Names lie true power.<br><br>Isis and her husband Osiris ruled Egypt, symbols of order and justice, and led their kingdom to true prosperity. But Osiris had a brother, Set, who harbored jealousy and malice, and sought to usurp his throne. For him, murder alone was not enough. Set hacked Osiris to pieces and cast them across Egypt.<br><br>Fleeing Set’s wrath, Isis traveled the land in secret, gathering the remains of her husband. Meanwhile, Set’s rule plunged the land into chaos incarnate, and all seemed truly lost. Unable to locate a final piece, Isis could wait no longer and summoned the potent powers of her magic to reassemble her husband and give him new life. That night, their love became a child, Horus, who would avenge his father and cast evil Set out of Egypt.<br><br>Her bravery, tenacity, her skill and love drove Isis to save Egypt and become the mother of all Pharaohs. Long has she prayed that chaos would never again rise to threaten the rule of order and prosperity, but peaceful days are at an end. This time, it may not be her husband torn asunder, but all the world, and even the Goddess of Magic may not have the power to reassemble it from oblivion.
To speak of Kali is to speak of the beginning of time itself.<br><br>Across the majestic lands of Hindustan rose an army of demons that conquered the countryside and slaughtered the people. Yet, when the Gods themselves were defeated, Devi, the supreme Goddess, emerged to throw back this host and protect the faithful.<br><br>Three forms she took during these ancient times. The first, Durga, the Mother of Creation, was as radiant as she was fearsome. Astride her tiger, she scattered the demon horde until she encountered the horrendous Raktabija. For each wound she gave the demon, his cursed blood created a copy, quickly resulting in an unstoppable army of Raktabija clones. Rage boiled at the corners of Durga’s mind, in the quest to slaughter and destroy evil.  From the forehead of Durga sprung her wrathful form, with skin darkened and eyes glowing a menacing red.<br><br>Thus was Kali, the Black One, Goddess of Time and Destruction, the second form of Devi born.<br><br>Rarely has Kali been seen since, kept in the shadows of Devi’s mind, but when the tides of battle shift and evil looms large, there is no solution but unrestrained destruction of evil, and Kali once again, walks the Earth.
Villain. It’s a word used to describe those that break the rules, that take what they want, and care nothing for those hurt along the way. Loki, the trickster God, would say villainy is nothing more than a point of view.<br><br>The point of view of fools too mindless to seize opportunity.<br><br>Of course, with Loki now on the loose, the implications are dire. The end of times may be at hand. The final battle, Ragnarok, possibly on the horizon, for it was foretold that Loki would break free of his prison and herald the horrific final battle that would leave the Gods slain, the heavens sundered, and the world in ashes. None are more eager for that time of chaos than Loki.<br><br>Before his confinement, Loki’s malicious mischief managed to affect every God in ways both beneficial and terrible. Yet Loki’s most heinous act was in the death of the God of light, Baldr.<br><br>Baldr’s prophetic dreams showcased his own death. Fearful for her son, Frigg, forced all objects of the world to swear never to harm him. All save mistletoe. Cruelly amused, Loki forged a spear from the plant and provided it to Baldr’s brother Hodr. The Gods had a new favorite game, hurling objects at Baldr and laughing as they harmlessly ricocheted. So Hodr threw the spear, but, to everyone’s horror Baldr was impaled. Hel agreed to release Baldr from the underworld if all creatures of the world mourned the God of Light.  And all did, save one crone who refused. So Baldr died.<br><br>When it was discovered the crone was Loki in disguise, the furious Gods bound him in entrails and hung a venomous serpent overhead. Loki’s wife, Sigyn, collected the dripping venom in a bowl, but when she was forced to empty it, Loki was struck, causing such anguish his thrashing would shake the world.<br><br>But now Loki is free and already wreaking havoc. If the prophetic Volva are correct, and they always are, then the end of all things has finally come.
Born to innocence, forced to fight, destined to be a hero, the child-god, Nezha, defends those that cannot defend themselves, especially against tyrant Gods.<br><br>For three and a half years, Nezha’s mother carried him in her womb. During this time, the Dragon Gods, led by Ao Kuang, terrorized the people, sending floods and storms, and demanding not just food, but child sacrifices to feast upon as well.<br><br>Into this world was Nezha born, a full grown boy with laughter in his eyes, trained by the immortal sage Taiyi Zhenren, who gave him the powerful Universe Ring and Armillary Sash. Youthful and carefree, Nezha was also headstrong, often arguing with his father what was right and wrong.<br><br>But youth does not last forever, and Nezha’s life changed defending two friends against a captain of Ao Kuang’s army. Insulted, the Dragon God commanded his third son, Ao Bing, to defeat the boy, but in the end, Nehza slew his opponent. Furious with grief, Ao Kuang demanded Nezha’s father make reparations for the offense committed by his son, or he would send floods and storms to ravage the land. Nezha, humbly, sacrificed himself to appease the Dragon God, but evil Ao Kuang sent storms anyway.<br><br>Taiyi Zhenren worked his wisdom, and from the petals of a Lotus plant, Nezha was reborn. The immortal sage gave him new weapons – the Fire Tipped Spear and Wind Fire Wheels – weapons to challenge even the Dragon God and defeat him once and for all.<br><br>Time has passed since Ao Kuang’s ruin, but the winds of war are rising and new Gods of Tyranny challenge the safety of the defenseless. Once again, Nezha will set aside his youth and stand against the tide, for not even death can stop him.
When time began, there was only endless black waters. Yet, from water comes all life, and from this primordial force was born the first of Goddesses, Neith.<br><br>As the waters continued to form the world and everything within it, Neith’s natural instinct to protect and nurture the people led her to champion the hunt. With meat she fed them and with hides she clothed them, but as the people she sought to protect grew old, or sick, or died on the battlefield, Neith’s compassion forced her to change her calling.<br><br>With nimble fingers, the Goddess wove shrouds to shield the lost spirits of the dead on their journey to the underworld, leaving a loose thread she could trace as the ghosts ventured down the river. As time passed, more and more threads spread across the world, weaving an intricate pattern of fate that only Neith could see.<br><br>Now, the war between Gods grows ever more fevered, and Neith can no longer sit idle. The threads of fate are fraying at the edges and she must once again pick up her bow and hunt, or watch the world return to the waters from whence it came.
Mightiest of the Aesir, warrior and king, the All-Father is a doomed God.<br><br>It seems strange to imagine a God concerned with his fate, but Odin regularly consults the volva, the seers in the North. They speak of a final war, Ragnarok, when the mightiest Gods are slain and the world is consumed by the sea. For this day, Odin constantly prepares.<br><br>The All-Father can trace his lineage to the evil Frost Giant, Ymir, whom he slew with the aid of his two brothers, Vili and Ve, and with his remains forged the world. Atop Asgard, where Odin presides, he is known as the bringer of war, a sage of wisdom, and the keeper of souls slain in battle.<br><br>As a warrior, Odin rides his eight legged steed, Sleipnir, and wields the mighty spear Gungnir. Accompanying him are two wolves and his two trusted ravens, Huginn (thought) and Muninn (memory), who fly around Midgard and return to Odin with all they see and hear.<br><br>As a sage, Odin travels disguised as a simple wanderer, seeking wisdom. His thirst for knowledge has come at great personal cost, having been hanged from the branches of Yggdrasil, the world tree, for nine days and nights and sacrificed one of his eyes to the Well of Wisdom.<br><br>As keeper of souls, Odin welcomes slain warriors to his mighty hall of Valhalla on the agreement they will aid him at Ragnarok. Favored female warriors become his elite Valkyrie that usher those worthy of entry to Valhalla.<br><br>It is in preparation for the final days of Ragnarok he does all this. For the seers claim his death will come at the fangs of the great wolf Fenrir, and like anyone, Odin seeks to change his fate. Yet, never once have the volva been mistaken.
Deep beneath the turbulent tides of the ocean lingers a God of idle rage. What must it be like to live forever in the shadow of your brother? To be denied again and again that which you desire, despite the power of the wrathful seas at your command? So Poseidon broods on his throne at the ocean floor.<br><br>As a child, Poseidon and his brother, Hades, were consumed by their father, Cronus. Powerless to escape, it was left to mighty Zeus to free them and slay their patron. Together, they defeated the last of the Titans and ushered in a new age of dominance for Olympian Gods, but their freedom, their very lives, Zeus would never let either brother forget were owed to him. Even as the heavens, the underworld, and the seas were divided among them, Zeus positioned himself as king of all, and what was Poseidon to do but be thankful he had been spared a fate in his father’s belly? So he retired to his new realm and began the pursuit of gathering worshippers.<br><br>Soon rose a great ocean front city of mankind, and Poseidon presented himself as their God, but another had already come, Athena, Zeus’ daughter. A competition was held – each God would offer a gift and the people would select their sponsor. Confident, Poseidon drove his Trident, a trophy from the battle against the Titans, into the ground and a limitless spring emerged, but the people found the water salty and undrinkable. Athena extended her hand and a graceful olive tree rose from the earth. Wood, food, and oil, all from one gift. The people decided and the city was called Athens.<br><br>It may be that Poseidon never desired greatness as Zeus did. Had his father never consumed him, had he never been made God of the Sea, had his brother never crowned himself King of the Gods, Poseidon might have lived contentedly, but that chance is gone. Now, with the very tides at his command, an army of sea beasts at his back, and the formidable Kraken at his call, the glowering God of the deep seeks to quench his thirsty rage and plunge all the world in endless, wrathful seas.
Without the sun, there would be no light, no warmth, no life. Without Ra, there would be no sun.<br><br>Ra is a guardian, the keeper of Ma’at - order and truth, and master of the sun. Each day he sails across the sky in a golden ship, and each night traverses the underworld, bringing light and warmth to the dead beneath the horizon. For those in the scorched South, Ra was the first God, creator of earth and sky and father to all other Gods.<br><br>But Ra’s time is fading like a twilight sky. His descendants have grown in power and prominence and seek to replace him as the figure of authority. His own granddaughter, Isis, cleverly poisoned him by secretly summoning a viper under his feet. When he stepped on it, the serpent’s venomous bite poisoned him. Isis promised to heal Ra if he revealed to her his True Name. At first, he refused, for knowledge of his True Name would give Isis unparalleled power over him, but as the pain mounted, Ra was forced to relent. Isis kept her word and Ra was healed, though the cost may have been too high.<br><br>Light can heal, but light can also burn, and the great protector is showing signs of wrath not seen since mankind’s insolence. In that rare moment of anger, Ra sent his daughter, Hathor, in the form of a lion, to devour the people. However, he ended her bloody feeding before she consumed all mankind. This time, his burning gaze is set on the other Gods. When his wrath finally cools, nothing may be left but ash.
Hunter, guardian, destroyer, menace; the Crocodile God, Sobek, swims where the Nile takes him and owes allegiance to no one.<br><br>Some say that Sobek was there when only the Dark Waters existed, so he helped create the world. Some say that Sobek made the Nile with his sweat and protects those that travel it if they pay him tribute, otherwise he destroys them. Some say that Sobek ushers the worthy dead down the Nile to the afterlife and aids in their rebirth, restoring sight and strength. Some say he is evil and hateful, ravaging those along the shores and terrorizing villages. Sobek, in truth, is all of these things and none.<br><br>Sobek is not a God of good or evil, of benevolence or malice, but a God of solitary neutrality, unless disturbed; a God that tends to his mighty river and performs his responsibilities to passing souls. The rest of the time, he does what he wishes. For his protection to the living and the dead, he is to be worshipped and respected. For his power, ferocity, and ruthlessness, he is to be rightfully feared.
Thor, as famous as he is bold, is God of the thundering sky. Yet his hammer, Mjolnir is nearly as famous as he is, and Thor will not be parted from it.<br><br>Odin, the All-Father, bore many children, but none as well known nor as mighty as Thor, who had the strength to move mountains and the power to call lightning from the sky. Despite these incredible gifts, Thor’s enemies were cunning, bloodthirsty, and numerous. The Frost Giants constantly threatened to invade Asgard requiring every ounce of Thor’s near limitless strength just to keep them at bay. Had the tide truly turned, Asgard might have been destroyed, but a simple prank played by the treacherous Loki ended with the creation of Mjolnir, the legendary hammer, and with it, Thor utterly crushed the Frost Giants.<br><br>Sif, Thor’s wife, had hair like rays of sun through a cloudy sky, and Loki, being covetous, secretly sheared it off while she slept. Mad with fury, Thor demanded Loki fix this. So, Loki went to the dwarves of Ivaldi who forged a golden crown that would grow equally golden hair, a spear that never missed its mark, and a ship that would never sink. Proud of his treasures, Loki returned to Thor and the other Gods, gave the crown to Sif, then bragged that no greater items could be forged.<br><br>The dwarf Brokk took offense to this and claimed that he and his brother could do better. Loki bet his head they could not. So, Brokk and his brother forged three items, a ring that made a duplicate every nine days, a golden pig that could fly and swim, and the hammer, Mjolnir, with the power to shatter mountains. As each item was forged, Brokk was bitten fiercely by a fly, yet only on the third did he flinch, causing the short handle on the hammer. When they were done, the dwarves took their artifacts before the Gods and decried Loki’s fly disguise. All the Gods agreed that Brokk and his brother had forged greater items. Loki, ever cunning, declared his neck was not part of the bargain, denying them his head.<br><br>Mjolnir went to Thor to battle the Frost Giants. Proud and mighty, Thor beat back the evil horde and continues to defend Asgard to this day. With Mjolnir in hand, Thor is an unstoppable force that even other Gods would do well to avoid.
Though small of stature, Vamana, the Fifth Avatar of Vishnu, should never be underestimated. His harsh lessons in humility have shamed even the proudest of kings.<br><br>The demon king, Bali, was fair and righteous, yet for all his virtues, Bali was extremely proud and driven by fierce ambition. After conquering the Underworld and all the Earth, Bali managed to wrest the Heavens from the God Indra. Unable to reclaim his seat, Indra implored Vishnu for aid, and so Vishnu took the form of a small mortal man, a priest named Vamana.<br><br>In his splendid palace, Bali was giving gifts to the pious. Vishnu, disguised as the monk Vamana and carrying a wooden umbrella, requested only as much land as he could cover in three steps. Bali offered Vamana an island but Vamana stuck to his request, which Bali granted against the wishes of his advisor. Immediately, Vamana grew to cosmic proportions, crashing through the ceiling of the palace and filling the sky. With one colossal step, he engulfed all the Earth and the Underworld. With a second step, he consumed the heavens. Now, with everything under his two feet, Vamana had nowhere to place his third step. He challenged Bali to go back on his word or offer somewhere else for him to step. Bali’s demon army surged forth, but the demon king held them back. Bowing in humility, Bali offered his head as the third step. Vamana sends Bali to the underworld but, in recognizing Bali’s benevolence, shows mercy by granting him sovereignty over it in appreciation of Bali’s sacrifice.<br><br>Vishnu returned control of the Heavens to Indra and left his Avatar behind, but he also left behind a valuable lesson. Even the mightiest and most arrogant of kings can be humbled by the smallest of men.
When the Gods of Rome ride chariots across the sky, it is Vulcan that made them. When they reach for weapons to wield in battle, it is Vulcan that forged them. When the very earth rumbles and mountains erupt in searing flame, it is Vulcan’s rage that burns. Smith of the Gods, Vulcan crafts with fire and forge as an artist would with paint and brush.<br><br>As an infant, so hideous was Vulcan that his disgusted mother, Juno, cast him into the sea from the heights of Mount Olympus. So great was the fall, it smashed one of Vulcan’s legs, a wound from which he would never recover.  Beneath the waves, a sea nymph, Thetis, rescued the child-god and raised him as her own. As Vulcan grew, he ventured to the surface and discovered fire and the art of smithing. His natural talents emerged and he forged wondrous jewels for his adopted mother.<br><br>Summoned to a gala on Mount Olympus, Thetis wore Vulcan’s glittering gifts, but when Juno discovered Vulcan had made them, she jealously demanded he return to Mount Olympus. Angrily, Vulcan refused. In his stead, he sent a magnificent throne of gold and gems that imprisoned Juno when she sat upon it.<br><br>For three days Juno was so entombed, and would have remained so had not Jupiter, Vulcan’s father, interjected. To Vulcan he offered an exchange, Juno’s freedom for the hand of Venus, the most beautiful Goddess of Love. Vulcan agreed.<br><br>Though his vengeance was served cold, the fire of spite still burns in Vulcan’s chest. Unable to truly forgive, he loses himself at the forge. None of the wondrous chariots, jewelry or weapons he crafts can ever fill the hurt in his heart, but each one is worthy of a God.
Xbalanque was born with vengeance in his heart.<br><br>As one of the Hero Twins, Xbalanque, and his brother Hunahpu, knew their lives would eventually force them to face the Lords of Death, chiefs of the Underworld who murdered their father, but first they would need to master the arts of hunting with blowguns and the violent ball game Pitz.<br><br>As a test of their strength, they decided to defeat the vain and evil bird-lord, Seven Macaw, who declared himself the Sun and the Moon and replaced his teeth with glistening jewels.<br><br>The Hero Twins fired their blowguns at the perching bird-lord, knocking out several of Seven Macaw’s glittering teeth. Ferociously he came at them, but only snatched Hunahpu and tore off the boy’s arm. Cleverly, the twins enlisted the aid of an elderly couple and advised them to pose as dentists. Seven Macaw sought to ease the pain in his mouth, so, as they were instructed, the dentists pulled the rest of Seven Macaw’s teeth and replaced them with white corn. So humiliated was the great bird that he died of despair.<br><br>It would be many years and several trials later that, at last, the Hero Twins were able to challenge the Lords of Death and avenge their father, but their final victory allowed them to ascend to the heavens, where Xbalanque was immortalized as the moon, lighting the night for clever hunters everywhere.
As far as it is known, Ymir has long been dead.<br><br>In Midgard, in the North, it is believed that Ymir’s skull is the sky, his flesh the earth, and his blood the sea. Though, these claims could merely be the boasting of proud Odin and his brothers, who take credit for slaying the first jotunn and fashioning the earth from his body parts.<br><br>At the beginning of time, the Realm of Fire, Muspell, and the Realm of Ice, Niflheim met at the place called Ginnungagap; the void of space. Steam rose and froze again, and from that primordial mixture, Ymir, King of the Frost Giants took shape. From his body dripped other beings that would become the ancestors of Gods, Men, Dwarves, and of course, Giants. Even the mighty Odin must claim Ymir as his grandfather. Yet Ymir, like all giants, was an evil creature and led his Giant brethren against the Gods. After ages of warfare, Odin and his brothers slew the Giant-King and forged the world from his remains.<br><br>Yet there are other whispers. Rumors that Ymir, though not a God, was still a Primeval Being, and as such cannot truly be destroyed. Perhaps he only lies dormant in Niflheim, the realm of ice, eager to return and wreak vengeance upon Odin in his kin.
King of Gods, Zeus strives for fairness and justice, but will not hesitate to call down the thunder when there’s smiting to be done!<br><br>Zeus’ father, the Titan Cronus, immediately swallowed his children after birth so that none could overthrow him as he had his own father. When Zeus was born, Rhea, Zeus’ mother, hid the child from Cronus and gave the Titan a rock in swaddling clothes, which he swallowed instead. In secret, Zeus grew up on the isle of Crete until he was old and strong enough to challenge his father. During their battle, Zeus slit open Cronus’ stomach, allowing his swallowed brothers and sisters to escape, slaying the Titan. Then, Zeus released the Cyclops and other beings Cronus had kept imprisoned. In gratitude, the Cyclops awarded Zeus control over lightning.<br><br>With his two brothers, Poseidon and Hades, the three Gods drew lots to decide command of creation. Poseidon became king of the sea, Hades the underworld, and Zeus the sky. From his golden throne atop Mount Olympus, Zeus now rules Gods and Men with his wife Hera, upholding justice, hospitality, oaths, and honesty to all under his domain.<br><br>Yet, Zeus is a restless God, and while he holds high expectations for others, he does not keep those standards for himself. Chiefly, Zeus is nearly infamous for several infidelities to his wife which have resulted in dozens of children beget by other women, most famous of which are Hercules, Artemis, and Athena. Such wanton unfaithfulness is the source of great jealousy from Hera, though as King, Zeus can ultimately do as he wishes.<br><br>Weather is dictated by the Thunder God’s mood. When in a fair temperament, the sky is clear, bright and warm. When Zeus’ anger flares, black clouds roll in, lightning streaks the sky and thunder shakes the very ground. Lately, Zeus has been furious.
